README.md, before:

# Go Go Duck

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/aodn/go-go-duck.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/aodn/go-go-duck)

## Usage

### Request a new job

Supposing you have a JSON document such as the one at [doc/example_job_request.json](doc/example_job_request.json), which looks like this:

```
{
  layerName: 'acorn_hourly_avg_rot_qc_timeseries_url',
  emailAddress: 'gogo@duck.com',
  subsetDescriptor: {
    temporalExtent: {
      start: '2013-11-20T00:30:00.000Z',
      end:   '2013-11-20T10:30:00.000Z'
    },
    spatialExtent: {
      north: '-32.150743',
      south: '-33.433849',
      east:  '115.741219',
      west:  '114.15197'
    }
  }
}
```

then a job cab be requested like this:

```
curl -v --data @doc/example_job_request.json --header "Content-Type: application/json" http://localhost:8080/go-go-duck/job
```

### Download an aggregation from a previous Job

```
curl -v -O -J --get http://localhost:8080/go-go-duck/aggr/8d0ed017
```

where `8d0ed017` is the job ID.

## Origin Of The Name

Originally there was AODAAC, which is the "Australian Oceans DAAC", a heavy
weight aggregator which /should/ do the same job as GoGoDuck and much more.

As a "plan B" for the AODAAC integration, which didn't happen on time, came
BODAAC. Which didn't provide users with aggregated data, but was a 'hack' so
they can still get to the data a bit easier.

GODAAC was born as a proof of concept, showing that aggregating NetCDF files is
not rocket science. The G comes from the inspiration by gg (Guillaume Galibert).
GODAAC was then renamed to GoGoDuck, which sounds almost the same. No ducks
were killed in the process of developing GoGoDuck.

Commit message:

Added instructions for using gradle

README.md, after:

# Go Go Duck

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/aodn/go-go-duck.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/aodn/go-go-duck)

## Development

Grails commands are wrapped by gradle, e.g. to `run-app`:

```
$ ./gradlew grails-run-app
```

or to `test-app`:

```
$ ./gradlew grails-test-app -PgrailsArgs="unit:"
```

## Usage

### Request a new job

Supposing you have a JSON document such as the one at [doc/example_job_request.json](doc/example_job_request.json), which looks like this:

```
{
  layerName: 'acorn_hourly_avg_rot_qc_timeseries_url',
  emailAddress: 'gogo@duck.com',
  subsetDescriptor: {
    temporalExtent: {
      start: '2013-11-20T00:30:00.000Z',
      end:   '2013-11-20T10:30:00.000Z'
    },
    spatialExtent: {
      north: '-32.150743',
      south: '-33.433849',
      east:  '115.741219',
      west:  '114.15197'
    }
  }
}
```

then a job cab be requested like this:

```
curl -v --data @doc/example_job_request.json --header "Content-Type: application/json" http://localhost:8080/go-go-duck/job
```

### Download an aggregation from a previous Job

```
curl -v -O -J --get http://localhost:8080/go-go-duck/aggr/8d0ed017
```

where `8d0ed017` is the job ID.

## Origin Of The Name

Originally there was AODAAC, which is the "Australian Oceans DAAC", a heavy
weight aggregator which /should/ do the same job as GoGoDuck and much more.

As a "plan B" for the AODAAC integration, which didn't happen on time, came
BODAAC. Which didn't provide users with aggregated data, but was a 'hack' so
they can still get to the data a bit easier.

GODAAC was born as a proof of concept, showing that aggregating NetCDF files is
not rocket science. The G comes from the inspiration by gg (Guillaume Galibert).
GODAAC was then renamed to GoGoDuck, which sounds almost the same. No ducks
were killed in the process of developing GoGoDuck.
